Ahah
[music]
Brother Thang, for this Buddha's Birthday, Buddhists should
have activities to commemorate and celebrate the
Buddha's Birthday.
I'll make the atmosphere of Buddha's Birthday lively, even if we're
poor, we must make it like
a festival for us, joyful and happy, celebrating the birth
of
our benevolent father. Let's live in the true spirit of Buddha's Birthday, making it a New Year's Day for Buddhists. Dear fellow practitioners, our Buddhism
is the path to enlightenment.
After listening to the Buddha's teachings,
we must think and reflect
on whether that is truly right,
whether it truly benefits
us, whether it truly
benefits everyone, only then should
we act. In previous
years, we celebrated Buddha's Birthday by simply
gathering at the temple. I also
feel that I myself haven't
felt a joyful and
happy heart, nor have I felt love and respect for
Prince Siddhartha, only love and respect for the
Buddha Shakyamuni. But this year, let's
start preparing for the Buddha's Birthday.
Celebrating Buddha's birthday truly
moved me deeply. I
felt genuinely happy because of his birth; it's a
matter of the mind. If our mind is
moved, then we will experience the consequences
of that action. If our mind is moved by the
birth of Shakyamuni Buddha, then
we can carry this mind with us. Yes, so that
in some lifetime we can be
reborn when a Buddha is born. The
birth of Buddhas is beneficial. So,
all of us fellow practitioners, when
we perform our duties, let us cherish the
work we are doing, think of the day,
think of the joy of sentient beings when we are
in this world, right here in
this world. Then we will experience the
vibrations in our hearts. These
vibrations in the heart will bring
great benefits and positive karmic results
for us in the future. When you
sing well, when you perform all your
duties, think of the joy of the
heavenly realms, the joy of humankind,
think of the suffering beings who are being blessed.
Receiving the Buddha's teachings, we think
of ourselves when we receive his teachings
to transform us in this lifetime.
We will experience
inner and outer tremors, truly
indescribable. But the gift is truly very
happy.
We also feel ashamed for the
long period of time we have lived. If it
weren't for
our master, our hearts wouldn't be in this state.
We prepare for Tet (Vietnamese New Year) with great joy,
forgetting to eat and sleep, thinking about what we'll buy, what we'll bring
home, wishing our children good health, and
how we'll eat. During this time of inner turmoil, even though it's
almost Tet, we
don't go to the market; we sit in one place, and
we're busy with work, but our minds are at the
market. Our minds are at home, busy with the wooden furniture and decorations. The
scene at home is
like this, and this turmoil causes
us to keep reincarnating forever, making
us cherish life with family,
spouse, children, and attachments, causing suffering, preventing
us from achieving enlightenment.
Therefore, on the day we
prepare for Buddha's birthday, we all
strive towards liberation.  Letting
her go will cause us
more emotional upheaval, so those of you who
are directly involved and those of you who aren't,
we must think about how to avoid being part
of the
choir and having time to
participate in the preparations for the
Buddha's Birthday celebration. While working
at home, we should think about what
our friends
are doing for Buddha's Birthday and
what we should do for it.
On that day, we should dress up beautifully, think about singing along with everyone else, and
we should be joyful and always rejoice
with our fellow practitioners. This will
give us
time to cultivate a kind and virtuous heart.
This is called cultivating a virtuous heart
and a virtuous mind, a way of practicing that
brings benefits in the
present moment and for the future.  Future benefits are
eagerly awaited for our Buddhist
followers, who will joyfully strive towards
benefiting themselves in this life,
benefiting others in this life, benefiting
themselves in the next life, and benefiting
all sentient beings in the next life. A
[music]
umum